we've only got a few hours of light left
and abruptly the moon changes some
things up some is that is it is that
over there yeah that's good
okay so Nick sitting your hand they've
heard something in the distance
that's obviously not I'm really pretty
freaked out
[Music]
the charge on tell chimps to discover a
source of the promotion fair in hunting
mode they've spotted a colobus monkey
what they've got a colobus monkey
justice baby how's the tree it happens
so quick you can't see it you can see
the house remain excitement all around
me it's a big deal the idea of literally
really telling to see if you shares with
anybody so babe all of this has to be
cumbersome or get done
[Music]
[Laughter]
get the intestines out
I'd say doesn't really make you feel
hungry sheep I think Nick's given out a
lot of the meat
pretty much everyone seems to have a
little piece that's gonna win him a lot
of support that's what we want from our
leader